Allow overriding ensure_ascii in the "to_json" template filter (#20218)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

The `to_json` filter serializes an object to a JSON string. In some cases, it may be necessary to format a JSON string for use with a webhook, as a parameter for command-line utilities or any number of other applications. This can be complicated in a template, especially when dealing with escaping special characters. Using the `to_json` filter, this is handled automatically.

> Similarly to the python equivalent, the filter accepts a `ensure_ascii` parameter, defaulting to `True`, which specifies the encoding of the resulting JSON: UTF-8 or escaped ASCII.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the python equivalent, the filter accepts an `ensure_ascii` parameter, defaulting to `True`. If `ensure_ascii` is `True`, the output is guaranteed to have all incoming non-ASCII characters escaped. If `ensure_ascii` is false, these characters will be output as-is.
```

Author: "as-is" does not mean much in technical terms ;)
But if you think it's clearer to users, fine by me.

Reviewer: The suggestion is copied verbatim from the official Python documentation.
If you don't like "as-is", "unchanged" would be fine too.

Author: Nah, as-is is clear enough for non-techies
